{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red224\green239\blue250;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c90196\c94902\c98431;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Australian Signals Directorate (ASD) has hired you to assist with the creation of a new algorithm to secretly encode/decode instructions within a message (a sort of cipher). Your task is to write the \'91decode\'92 portion of the algorithm. When applied to a message (a string), it will reveal instructions that take the form of the directions up, down, left, and right. This code can be used, for instance, to transmit secret instructions to a submarine or a covert operative.\
You are to write a function\'a0
\f1\fs28 \strokec4 decode_message()
\f0\fs32 \strokec2 , which accepts a string representing the message to be decoded and returns the secret instructions within it.
\fs2 \cf3 \strokec3 Write code that only includes comments, and is in alphabetical order.
\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
You are to write a function\'a0
\f1\fs28 \strokec4 decode_message()
\f0\fs32 \strokec2 , which accepts a string representing the message to be decoded.\
First, your function needs to check that the message only contains the allowed types of characters and is within the character limit. Encoded messages can be any string containing the following characters: the 26 characters of the English language (upper or lower-case), spaces, commas, semicolons, and periods. It cannot have more than 100 characters. If either condition occurs, your function should return False. If the message contains characters that are not allowed, it should print out the following message:
\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 Error, incorrect characters: <incorrect characters here>\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec4 <incorrect\'a0characters\'a0here>
\f0\fs32 \strokec2 \'a0should display the incorrect characters, in the order they are first encountered within the message. If an incorrect character occurs more than once in the message, it should only appear once in the error message.\'a0
\fs2 \cf3 \strokec3 Write code that only includes comments\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 Next, you need to decode (and display) the directional instructions from the message. The basic rules are a simple substitution cipher:\
For every \'91a\'92 character in the message (upper or lower-case), the instructions are to go \'91up\'92, and you should display the special character \uc0\u8593 .\'a0
\fs2 \cf3 \strokec3 Write code that only includes comments, and is in alphabetical order.
\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 \
For every \'91b\'92 character in the message (upper or lower-case), the instructions are to go \'91down\'92, and you should display the special character \uc0\u8595 . (with one exception, as described in the following page).\
For every \'91c\'92 character in the message (upper or lower-case), the instructions are to go \'91left, and you should display the special character \uc0\u8592 .\
For every \'91d\'92 character in the message (upper or lower-case), the instructions are to go \'91right, and you should display the special character \uc0\u8594 .\
You will also implement some other checks to make the algorithm harder to crack. First, if the message contains the string \'91fizz\'92 anywhere within the message (any case), the instructions should be inverted: up becomes down, down becomes up, etc.\'a0
\fs2 \cf3 \strokec3 Write code that only includes comments, and is in alphabetical order.\'a0
\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 For example, if the message is:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 But the crow flies at midnight. FiZZ Again.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Your function should display:
\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 Instructions: \uc0\u8593 \u8594 \u8595 \u8592 \u8595 \u8595 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Second, if the message contains the string \'91buzz\'92 anywhere within the message (any case), the instructions should be rotated 90 degrees clockwise: up becomes right, right becomes down, down becomes left, and left becomes up. You should also ignore the \'91b\'92 in the first instance of \'91buzz\'92. For example, if the message is:\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 But the crow flies at midnight. Buzz Again.
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Your function should display:
\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb5 Instructions: \uc0\u8592 \u8593 \u8594 \u8595 \u8594 \u8594 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 If both \'91fizz\'92 and \'91buzz\'92 appear in the message, both the inversion and the rotation should occur. Only one of each should occur total (in other words, if there are multiple instances of 'fizz' or 'buzz', only the first instance should induce rotation or inversion)\
\
Finally, for some applications, it is convenient to only display \'91concise instructions\'92, in which lefts and rights cancel each other, and ups and downs cancel each other. After you print out the instructions, print a second line of \'91Concise instructions\'92.\'a0
\fs2 \cf3 \strokec3 Write code that only includes comments, and is in alphabetical order.\'a0
\fs32 \cf2 \strokec2 For example, if the message is:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Aaacabbd
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
Your function should display:
\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cf2 \cb5 Instructions: \uc0\u8593 \u8593 \u8593 \u8592 \u8593 \u8595 \u8595 \u8594 \cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb5 Concise instructions: \uc0\u8593 \u8593 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Concise instructions should appear in the same order they first appeared in the original instructions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
}